Update CONTRIBUTING guide (#72)
cucumber/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

recommend watching [this excellent guide](https://egghead.io/talks/git-how-to-make-your-first-open-source-contribution) to give you a grounding in some
of the basic concepts. We want you to feel safe to make mistakes, and ask
questions.

If anything in this guide or anywhere else in the codebase doesn't make sense to
you, please let us know! It's through your feedback that we can make this
codebase more welcoming, so we'll be glad to hear thoughts.

You can chat with us in the `#committers` channel in our
[Community Discord](https://cucumber.io/community#discord), or feel free to
[raise an issue](https://github.com/cucumber/common/issues/new?template=developer_experience.yaml)
or [start a discussion](https://github.com/orgs/cucumber/discussions) if you're
experiencing any friction trying to make your contribution.

## About to contribute?

Great! Before making a significant contribution, consider discussing the outline
of your solution first. We don't want to waste your or our time working on
something we might not accept.

Please also read this guide all the way through.

## AI Usage

Cucumber is developed and maintained by humans. We read every discusison, issue

> and pull reqeust. As such we appreciate it if you take the time to communicate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and pull request. As such we appreciate it, if you would take time to communicate with us.
```

Reviewer 2: I think the original wording was fine, but we could elaborate a bit, because I think we mostly mean:

- Issues and pull requests must follow the template and be in your own words
- Comments in issues and pull requests must be in your own words
- If we get the sense that we're just conversing with a bot, we'll stop

(But less adversarial sounding.)

> with us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

When you use AI, we require that you do the following:

> * **All AI usage in any form must be disclosed**

Reviewer 2: This kind of detailed disclosure requirement seems draconian to me, and I'm not sure what signal we're hoping to get from someone saying they used e.g. Cursor vs Claude Code, or to what degree or in what style.

If we want a disclosure I think adding to the checklist on the PR template would be a decent start, like:

```markdown
- [ ] I used AI tool(s) in the making of this pull request
  - [ ] I have reviewed, understand and can converse about every line in the diff
```

(And of course if they don't use the template, you have the answer.)

Author: I'm mostly looking to find out how much was AI written.

There is a range between using AI for translation and using AI to generate the whole PR + description at once. 

The former I can suffer through, the latter can go straight to the garbage bin.

I've updated the explanation to reflect that.

  You must state the tool you used along with the extent that the work was
  AI-assisted.
* **You must fully understand all code.** 
  You should be able to explain what your changes do and how they interact with

>   the greater system without the aid of AI tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the wider ecosystem without the aid of AI tools. This is important because as maintainers, we need to ensure that the changes made to the codebase are not prohibitive of further development later on - plus we need to ensure that the code does indeed do what it sets out to!
```

Author: The purpose of this clause is to ensure the submitter understands what their code does. Otherwise it is not worth reviewing.

The second part kinda talks over that because this isn't about what we the maintainers do.

> * **You must be in the loop**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **You must be in control - the final part of the process**.
```

  Any content generated with AI must have been reviewed and edited by you

>   (a human) before submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (a human), before you submit it to us as a PR. Self review is important!
```

## Project organization

_Note: This is the catch-all contributing guide and not all repositories are

> organized the same. So this guide can't help you with the specifics. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organized the same. So this guide won't help you with anything specific. The
```

repository might have a dedicated `CONTRIBUTING.md`. If so, you'll want to
consult that instead of the next two sections._

In general there are two types. Polyglot and monoglot.

### Polyglot

> Polyglot repositories contains identical implementations of a component in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polyglot repositories contain near-identical implementations of one part of the cucumber ecosystem in
```

different languages. It typically looks like this:

```
.
├── README.md
├── CHANGELOG.md
├── CONTRIBUTING.md
├── LICENSE
├── dotnet          # the dotnet implementation
├── java            # the java implementation
├── javascript      # the javascript implementation
├── python          # the python implementation
├── ruby            # the ruby implementation
└── testdata        # test data for acceptance tests
```

> Generally speaking, each implementation can be build independently of the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Generally speaking, each implementation can be built independently of the
```

others using the tools typical for that language. If you don't know what those
are `.github/workflows/test-<language>.yaml` would be a good place to start.

### Monoglot

If the repository you're looking at doesn't look like a polyglot repo it 

> probably is for a single language. In this case it can probably be build using

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
probably is for a single language. In this case it can probably be built using
```

> the tools typical for that language. If you don't know what those  are then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the tools typical for that language. If you don't know what those are then
```

> again `.github/workflows/test-<language>.yaml` would be a good place to start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
again, looking at `.github/workflows/test-<language>.yaml` would be the first suggestion.
```
